UAST type coverage report (#253)
bblfsh/documentation: uast/types.md

<!-- Code generated by 'make types' DO NOT EDIT. -->
# UAST Types

> For every UAST type in every driver, next 2 numbers are reported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For every UAST type in every driver, following two values are reported:
```
